# PowerShell Community Call - October 20th 2022

## Agenda

7.3 rc updates, Windows 7 support updates @adityapatwardhan
OpenSSH updates, SSH server fingerprint validation discussion @maertendMSFT
Docs Update + Hacktoberfest @sdwheeler
PSSA Release @JamesWTruher
PowerShell Unplugged
Community updates

## Notes

- Steve communicated that November will be the last community call for 2022 due to vacations and
  disruptions in Dec. No feedback was given.

- Aditya communicated that due to compliance, future releases of PS will drop support for Windows 7.
  No feedback was given.

- Danny gave an update on OpenSSH releases coming up. Asked for validation regarding fingerprint
  validation. Asked for use cases or if anyone is already validating fingerprints. Feedback was
  given that this support should also be extended to RDP. Communicated that Az PS SSH is now
  available, including `Enter-AzVM`. Question, whether we could include the module as default with Az
  PS. Damien mentioned it could be in the future. Question if Arc will support RDP. Danny explained
  that it already works. Question on x509 cert auth for SSH. ALso a bug was raised from GitHub. Bug
  link: https://github.com/PowerShell/Win32-OpenSSH/issues/1971

- There was GREAT discussion about SSH. The community is confirmed that SSH is the way forward.
  Content creators are interested in working with PMs to create how-to information publicly. Danny
  explained that SSH on Server is not on by default and appreciates all the asks to change that.
  Requested a GH issue to document votes.

- There was a lot of discussion about SSH auth. In the case of double-hop, PS using JEA works well.
  For SSH, auth is lost on the double-hop. Danny explained that this is a known problem.

- Sean presented on new docs content about how to create a class based DSC resource. Also presented
  on Hacktoberfest coming up soon. Pointed out that people do not have to be experts. There is a lot
  of content that just needs formatting or polishing. He explained how to find the specific items
  that need assistance. Questions included checks about DSC content including Reasons information.

- Jim discussed new progress in PSSA. He expressed thanks for community contribution from Chris. New
  features are available including interactive use cases. He explained which features are being
  retired and how to find more information. No major feedback. Additional shout-outs to Chris for so
  much work, and he was on the call to hear the gratitude.

- The community mentioned that the SpiceWorld session was great this year.

- **PowerShell UnPlugged**
  [Video](https://www.thomasmaurer.ch/2022/10/powershell-unplugged-2022-edition/)

- Mike asked the community to submit proposals for PS Summit 2023. He also spoke about how new
  presenters could get help both for content and just overall reducing anxiety about public
  speaking. Also provided information about the Onramp for entry-level people.

- Community asked about FIDO2 support for SSH reaching Windows.
